Show me! Don't do it!
God of War! Could it be that the God King of Beixiang is here?
Zhengken, don’t just look around!
Haha who!
Tiancheng! You are not dead!
Killer! How did the dead get out of here!
Chief killer! You are the God King of Beixiang!
Hahaha! Don’t look at him!
Don’t look at him! You’re not mistaken!
He just resigned at the price of war!
My Benhai! How can he be the Beixiang God King’s!
Ordinary letter!
Ah, even my master dares to pretend to be him with words!
Seeking death! Master Liujia has taken refuge with King Poseidon!
Nothing! Except
This kid's family
There’s no need to give up all your natural wealth
No no no no no
Called the God Wolf
no i was wrong
I slap you again
went out to find me
I have a sister
Do you want to show off?
who do you think you are
They are also worthy of being master's oxen and horses.
Don't let me, take me
They are called divine wolves
When the leader was born, he died
Our mobile phone
my mobile phone
You can't kill me
I'll give you multiple people
I'll give him a drink
There are other weaklings
I'm not the last one
Everyone in the family misses you. It turned out that